Convert the-lit-path codelab into a tutorial (#687)
lit/lit.dev: packages/lit-dev-content/site/tutorials/content/wc-to-lit/03.md

    </button>
    <span class="rating">${this.rating}</span>
    <button class="thumb_up">
      <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24"><path d="M1 21h4V9H1v12zm22-11c0-1.1-.9-2-2-2h-6.31l.95-4.57.03-.32c0-.41-.17-.79-.44-1.06L14.17 1 7.59 7.59C7.22 7.95 7 8.45 7 9v10c0 1.1.9 2 2 2h9c.83 0 1.54-.5 1.84-1.22l3.02-7.05c.09-.23.14-.47.14-.73v-2z"/></svg>
    </button>
  `;
}
```

When the page refreshes, you will notice that the styles in the main document can no longer select the nodes inside the Shadow Root.

How did you do this? In the `connectedCallback` you called `this.attachShadow` which attaches a shadow root to an element. The `open` mode means that the shadow content is inspectable and makes the shadow root accessible via `this.shadowRoot` as well. Take a look at the Web Component in the Chrome inspector as well:

<img src="/images/tutorials/wc-to-lit/dom-tree.png" alt="The dom tree in the chrome inspector. There is a <rating-element> with a#shadow-root (open) as it&rsquo;s child, and the DOM from before inside that shadowroot.">

> You should now see an expandable shadow root that holds the contents. Everything inside that shadow root is called the *Shadow DOM*. If you were to select the rating element in Chrome Dev Tools and call `$0.children`, you will notice that it returns no children. This is because Shadow DOM is not considered a part of the same DOM tree as direct children but rather the *Shadow Tree*.

Reviewer: In this one tutorial page, we've used shadow root, shadow DOM, and shadow tree. I'm not sure it's worth introducing the term shadow tree here, esp. since we go back to shadow DOM afterwards. (Technically, shadow tree may be more correct, but we tend to use shadow DOM because it's more familiar.) 

Also, _expandable_ could be confusing here--not clear whether it refers to the shadow root itself or the DevTools representation of the shadow root. 

```suggestion
You should now see a shadow root inside your component. You can expand the shadow root to show the contents of the shadow DOM. If you select the rating element in Chrome Dev Tools and call `$0.children`, you'll notice that it returns no children. The shadow DOM is its own DOM tree, separate from the component's direct children.
```

<aside class="info">
The Shadow Tree provides CSS and DOM encapsulation by scoping both CSS selectors and <code>querySelector</code>s to the local shadow root.
</aside>

## Light DOM

An experiment: add a node as a direct child of the `<rating-element>`:

### index.html

```html
<rating-element>
 <div>
   This is the light DOM!
 </div>
</rating-element>
```

> Once the page refreshes, you'll see that this new DOM node in this Custom Element's Light DOM does not show up on the page. This is because Shadow DOM has features to control how Light DOM nodes are projected into the shadow dom via `<slot>` elements.

Reviewer: "Light DOM" is introduced without explanation here. Maybe:
```suggestion
Once the page refreshes, you'll see that the new `<div>` does not show up. This is because shadow DOM has features to control how child nodes—sometimes called *light DOM*—are rendered or *projected* into the shadow DOM.
```
